# ------------------ QUOTES ------------------ #
motivational_quotes = [
    "The best way to predict the future is to create it.",
    "Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.",
    "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.",
    "Believe you can and you're halfway there.",
    "Your limitation—it's only your imagination.",
    "Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.",
    "Dream it. Wish it. Do it.",
    "Great things never come from comfort zones.",
    "Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.",
    "Do something today that your future self will thank you for.",
    "Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.",
    "The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it.",
    "Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done.",
    "Little things make big days.",
    "It's going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible."
]

life_quotes = [
    "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.",
    "Get busy living, or get busy dying.",
    "In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.",
    "Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.",
    "Life isn't about finding yourself. It's about creating yourself.",
    "Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.",
    "Enjoy the little things in life, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.",
    "Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet.",
    "To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.",
    "Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.",
    "Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.",
    "The purpose of our lives is to be happy.",
    "Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.",
    "Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.",
    "Live your life and forget your age."
]

love_quotes = [
    "Love the one you're with.",
    "The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.",
    "Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.",
    "Love is a many-splendored thing.",
    "You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.",
    "Love doesn't make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.",
    "Where there is love there is life.",
    "To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.",
    "Love is not about how many days, months, or years you've been together. Love is about how much you love each other every single day.",
    "Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.",
    "True love stories never have endings.",
    "Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.",
    "I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more.",
    "Love is the bridge between you and everything.",
    "Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope."
]

friendship_quotes = [
    "Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together.",
    "A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.",
    "Friends are the siblings God never gave us.",
    "Friendship isn't about who you've known the longest, it's about who walked into your life and said 'I'm here for you'.",
    "A single rose can be my garden… a single friend, my world.",
    "Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, 'What! You too? I thought I was the only one.'",
    "There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.",
    "Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know they're always there.",
    "A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you."
]

success_quotes = [
    "Success is not in what you have, but who you are.",
    "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.",
    "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.",
    "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.",
    "The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.",
    "Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.",
    "Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.",
    "To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence."
]

happiness_quotes = [
    "Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.",
    "For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.",
    "Happiness depends upon ourselves.",
    "The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.",
    "Happiness is a warm puppy.",
    "If you want to be happy, be.",
    "Happiness is not a goal… it's a by-product of a life well-lived.",
    "The purpose of our lives is to be happy."
]
